# ResumeTranspiler

### Boy, do I hate writing resumes in Word.

This application allows the editing of resumes through Pug 
and SASS while providing a print preview to work around.

The application comes bundled with a revision management tool, 
allowing the upload and download of these resumes to an Amazon S3 
bucket. In the future, uploading a resume will trigger a lambda 
to automatically convert the resume to PDF and provide me with 
a 'live' link to the resume which will always be up to date.

Requirements:

-   `Docker`
-   `docker-compose`

## Use

### Resume Development

This application comes with a process management script
`resumetranspiler.sh` which can do the following:

- `./resumetranspiler.sh start-dev`
    - Starts the development server on port 3000 (by default). 
    Visiting `http://localhost:3000` will provide a live preview of the
    contents of `/resume`.
- `./resumetranspiler.sh stop-dev`
    - Stops the development server.
- `./resumetranspiler.sh status`
    - Shows the status of the development server.
- `./resumetranspiler.sh list`
    - Lists the resumes that are currently available within the configured
    S3 bucket.
- `./resumetranspiler.sh push`
    - Uploads the contents of the `/resume` folder to the S3 bucket. The
    timestamp is autogenerated. If there are multiple uploads in one day,
    only the latest upload will be retained.
- `./resumetranspiler.sh checkout [resume]`
    - Downloads the content of a provided resume found within the S3 bucket
    locally to the `/resume` folder. This will overwrite all files within 
    `/resume`.
- `./resumetranspiler.sh delete [resume]`
    - Removes a resume from the S3 bucket.
    
### Configuration

This application relies on the presence of a `.env` file within the project's 
root directory. A template for this file has been provided as `.template.env`.
